Update ci-jobs.md (#4250)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/ci-jobs.md

  This can make your code less human-readable but it will _not_ affect dbt functionality. 

>     :::info
>     If you are using a non-native integration and attempting to trigger the CI job, you will also need to include either `git_sha` or `git_branch` to the payload.
>     :::
> 

Reviewer: thank you for putting up this PR! this whole section deals with triggering CI for non-native git integrations, so we can just include this additional requirement in the step above:
```suggestion
1. Call the [Trigger Job Run](/dbt-cloud/api-v2#/operations/Trigger%20Job%20Run) API endpoint to trigger the CI job. Provide the target `git_sha` or `git_branch` in the payload. You must also include the pull request (PR) ID using one of these fields, even if you're using a different Git provider (like Bitbucket):
    - `github_pull_request_id`
    - `gitlab_merge_request_id`
    - `azure_devops_pull_request_id` 

  This can make your code less human-readable but it will _not_ affect dbt functionality. 
```
